# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofile==3.8.8
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.2
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.8
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via favicon
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
caio==0.9.17
    # via aiofile
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via click
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==30.0.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
htbuilder==0.6.2
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.3.0
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via streamlit-faker
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via htbuilder
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.8.4
    # via altair
numpy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plotly==5.24.1
    # via streamlit-extras
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via streamlit-extras
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymdown-extensions==10.11.1
    # via markdownlit
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via pymdown-extensions
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   streamlit
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.1
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.38.0
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.4.7
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.9
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.2.4
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   invoice (pyproject.toml)
    #   streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via invoice (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via streamlit-extras
watchdog==4.0.2
    # via streamlit
yarl==1.13.1
    # via aiohttp
